I mean, I think there's a lot of different important factors that shape
your future. You know, taking care of yourself, making sure you're
hitting the right career milestones, whether that's education or schools.
But I think something that people really neglect to do and to
look at is to really take care of their family instead of chasing the
goal of your career and knowing even if it lasts for 20 years, at
one day you're going to sit across the table from the person that you
eventually married and those Children that you raised, and to know
who they are, I think, is the most important thing that we can dio
and the most important investment that we could make.